chore: update changelog for version 2.6.10 (#8984)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: CHANGELOG.md

---

## 2.6.10

### Bug Fixes

- ASM: This fix resolves an issue where django login failure events may send wrong information of user existence.
- Code Security: fix setting the wrong source on map elements tainted from <span class="title-ref">taint_structure</span>.
- datastreams: Changed DSM processor error logs to debug logs for a statement which is retried. If all retries fail, the stack trace is included
- Code Security: Fixes an issue where the AST patching process fails when the origin of a module is reported as None, raising a `FileNotFoundError`.
- CI Visibility: fixes an issue where tests were less likely to be skipped due to ITR skippable tests requests timing out earlier than they should
- internal: This fix resolves an issue where importing the `ddtrace.contrib.botocore.services` module would fail raising an ImportError
- starlette: Fix a bug that crashed background tasks started from functions without a <span class="title-ref">\_\_name\_\_</span> attribute
- Code Security (IAST): Fixed an issue with AES functions from the pycryptodome package that caused the application to crash and stop.

> - Vulnerability Management for Code-level (IAST): This fix addresses an issue where tainting objects may fail due to context not being created in the current span.
> - Vulnerability Management for Code-level (IAST): Some native exceptions were not being caught correctly by the python tracer. This fix remove those exceptions to avoid fatal error executions.

Author: ```suggestion
- Code Security: This fix addresses an issue where tainting objects may fail due to context not being created in the current span.
- Code Security: Some native exceptions were not being caught correctly by the python tracer. This fix remove those exceptions to avoid fatal error executions.
```
